- Previously,
on "Winter House"...
- And so it begins,
Craig.
- The best
winter vacation ever.
You better get ----ed up,
and you better have fun.
- Yeah.
- If you don't, go home.
- House credo!
- Cheers.
- I don't know how we're
gonna make it 17 days, though.
- I don't either, man.
- So, I invited
my friend, Julia.
You're gonna love her.
And I was like,
"Invite whoever you want."
- This sounds like
a recipe for disaster.
- Hi. Nice to meet you.
I'm Paige.
- Muah.
My love,
I see you down there.
- Don't start something
you can't finish.
- This is our first vacation...
- Vacation.
- ...since we got engaged.
- I know.
It was a long time coming.
- I want
the primary bedroom,
and I will share it
with Ciara.
- I'm just over this sh--.
- Oh, God.
- Oh, Kyle's gettin' hammered.
I love it.
- Kyle!
If this is the way that
Kyle's gonna act,
I want nothin'
to do with it.
- Gabby, what's the shortest
amount of time
you've known someone
before ----in' 'em?
- Twenty-four hours.
- That's a long time.
I respect her
so much more.
- You look good, babe.
- I wish I was there.
I just have to, like,
finish up
some last minute
work stuff.
- Linds and I talk
all the time.
I don't know
what's gonna happen,
you know, between us
but, like, let's go.
Are you ----ing
kidding me?
That's my ex.
- There's this tether that
holds him to Charleston.
Dude, just go talk
to Ciara.
If you can't get over your ex
in this environment,
then that's on you.
- I'll share a room with you,
if we have to. Yeah.
- I don't have to
twist your arm.
- Are you into Austen?
- Guys that get me with
their humor is just, like,
it's a good time, always.
- Whoo!
- Let's go in the hot tub.
- What the ----in' sh--
is this?
- Oh, my gosh.
- I'm walking into, like,
a full-blown orgy.
- This is next level,
man.
- Ow, sh--!
- Don't step on the candy.
- Should we go upstairs
to the group?
We did what we came to do.
- Let's just sit here.
Congrats to us.
- Right. Beautiful girls.
- I feel like, this is like,
a first date, or something.
I mean, it's just a kiss.
- Well, it is.
You're gonna write
in your journal about this.
- I'm excited.
- I think I'm in love.
- Thank you.
- Wanna shotgun a beer?
- Are you biting it?
- Come on.
- Guys, we need to,
like, establish
who is, like, cooking
and who is cleaning.
- Everyone who bangs tonight
has to clean the kitchen.
- I wanna have so much sex
in this house.
- Oh, your big dick mode.
- Dude, Amanda's, like,
uh, no.
- This is ----in' my speed,
right here.
This is what
I'm all about.
- This is, like,
what my family and I do.
- No sh--?
- Missouri, yeah.
- Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Did you grow up in--
in the city?
- I was raised on, like,
not a farm,
but my mom's restaurant
had a farm,
so I have horses.
- Oh, that's dope. Yeah.
- And we had cows,
and then my step-dad taught me
how to shoot my first gun.
- Yeah, I grew up hunting.
I mean, I was--
I was, like,
I was probably this tall
shootin' guns.
- I like guys that don't mind
getting their hands dirty.
- If I need to, I can
catch fish out of my lake
and eat 'em.
I can, like, hunt.
I can live.
- That's smart.
Luke is that man.
He could live in a tent
and be satisfied,
and...
- Jason, can I ask you
a question?
Who is your person
of interest?
Do you have a person
- I'm very curious.
I want the tea, too.
- I will say Gabby.
- Oh.
- Where is she, right now?
- That's a great question.
- Here's a blanket,
by the way.
If you're cold,
you can wrap this around ya.
I don't want you to freeze.
It is a little chilly.
- I'm... thank you.
- Yeah.
- I feel, like,
still really embarrassed.
- Oh, my God, don't.
- You do?
- Yeah, I do.
- Holy sh--.
- When did you first
come to America?
- What's your
favorite movie?
- It's hard.
- Yeah, 'cause you're like,
"Let's start a new show."
I get it.
- I have to pee, now.
- We can just go in.
- I'm done.
- Ow, ow.
- What the-- the heck?
- Babe.
- What?
- I'm not doing the sex
with the friends
in the next doors.
- Craigers.
- Good night.
- Wait.
Will you hit that lamp?
- Yeah.
- Please.
- Can I take
your pants off?
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah, buddy.
- I'm definitely making you
a fire.
- You are? Thanks.
- How are you feelin'?
- I isolate myself,
so it's like,
I'm happy in my head.
I'm just mellow.
That's just how I am.
- Oh, yeah.
Okay, yeah.
- Do you know if
you got sour cream?
- If it was on the list,
it was got.
I don't wanna
disappoint you.
Okay.
- Oh, you're so loving.
- [BLEEP]! The emails are--
are comin' in.
I've never actually unplugged
on a vacation.
I'm a little stressed out
with work.
I'm always feeling like
I could take Loverboy
to the next level if I just
put in the extra time
and effort.
How we doin'?
- Good.
- I started
lots of companies,
and, you know,
I thought long and hard
about what am I
most knowledgeable about.
It's alcohol.
Enter Loverboy.
- Yeah, it sucks to be
running out of product
in the Hamptons.
I don't have
an off switch.
That's why I need to let loose
and get drunk.
Not that I have a problem
but, like, I have a problem
actually stopping working.
- I could eat soup for
every meal of my life.
- It's amazing.
- Why did you spend three hours
outside in the cold
last night with Luke?
Did you guys have
some deep conversation?
- Yeah, we did.
It was nice getting to know
a different side of him.
Yeah,
that's pretty much it.
- There he is.
- Good morning.
All right, bacon time.
Yeah.
- Good morning.
- Hi.
- Come on in, pumpkin.
- Wanna get in the bed? Yeah.
- I'm, like,
where you guys been?
- You look so cute.
I made out with Andrea
in the hot tub.
- Yo!
- What's up?
- Andy, bro.
Come on, man. Like...
- We had fun last night.
- Yes, we did.
- I feel like a kiss,
like, right there.
Like, yes.
- Totally.
How you feel?
- She's cool.
Like, we talked,
so that was nice.
- And then after we were
talking, I was like...
- Like, you stripped
a layer away.
- Yeah.
I was like, wait,
I think you're actually
really great.
- Yeah, he is, and he's very,
like, open when he talks.
I have known Andrea
for years.
I've never dated Andrea,
but I've seen him
with other women,
and he's a man
that gets what he wants...
and this time
it's my friend,
who I have known for
a little bit longer, okay?
Hopefully, he doesn't
break her heart.
If he does,
I'll kill him.
- Puppy love.
- Yeah, like,
and it doesn't hurt
that he's the hottest man
I've ever seen in my life.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Yeah, it's just--
it's really unfair
to other humans.
- Yeah.
- Oh!
- These guys.
- Oh, can I have
a sip of that?
- Little teenagers
over here.
- He's calling us teenagers
because we made out
in the hot tub. Nice.
- Especially with
German girls.
But, you know,
there was Austrian,
there were American girls,
Dutch girls,
sometimes Italian,
as well.
- I do.
Like, there's something
about a guy that, like,
can make you laugh.
It's like--
- A different connection.
- It's a different, like--
- Intimacy.
- Yeah.
- Oh, Lindsay is coming.
It's gonna be a lot
of energy.
- Yeah.
- I'm excited
to meet her, though.
- I'm honestly, like,
kinda nervous
about how she's gonna, like,
come into the house.
- I'm gonna go sleep
at a guy's house tonight,
with a guy, in a bed.
And how do you feel
about that?
You don't get to sit here
and yell at me and--
- No, you don't.
Yeah, exactly.
You don't get to sit here
and yell at me.
- Why are we having, like,
a committee here?
- We're not having
a committee.
- There's no committee.
- Well, then let's go!
- Don't say, "Come on,
let's go," to me.
- I don't need to walk
into a gang bang.
You need to stop
----in' yellin' at me.
- You're--
you're insulting me.
- I'll take a lap.
You calm the down.
- What are you
talking about?
- How many sandwiches
have you made for me?
- It's, like, we've already
been here for a few days.
Like, we have a good energy,
you know. She's, like, new.
- Hmm.
- Dude,
Lindsay gets here today,
and she still ----in'
is totally in love with you.
- I don't think-- Craig thinks
that Lindsay is into me.
- Do you guys know each other
for a really long time?
- For-- for, like,
three years now, I guess.
- What are you doin',
Austen?
- I'm so stupid.
I forgot my passport.
I can't go to
the Bahamas now.
- I think she has
a crush on Austen,
and I don't think
she's gonna be happy
about the Ciara thing.
- Uh, no.
No, bullsh--.
I think that when she comes,
I think the opposite.
I think that
she's gonna be like,
"Tell me everything,"
and we're gonna gab.
- And then make out.
I think that Lindsay
has always been into Austen
and would have left
any of her boyfriends for him.
I think they've hooked up
multiple times.
Do either of 'em tell me that?
No, but I'm not an idiot.
- I'm curious to meet her.
- Do you feel okay?
- Uh, I just, like,
I just have, like,
a lot of work.
- Oh.
- I'm gonna call my lawyer,
right now.
- All right.
See ya in a bit, brother.
- Nick, you there?
I just saw these emails.
Production can probably go
for the next two weeks
at this new copacker.
- These are the phone calls
I hear all day.
- Kyle's bringing down
the mood.
We're on vacation.
You haven't taken me on a trip
in so many years,
and you're working.
- The-- their lawyers, uh--
- It'd be wonderful to not
hear you on a phone call
about Loverboy.
All day, every day.
- Would it be good
coming from you
in terms of addressing
that other email from Paul.
- Good morning.
- Wait. Is this, like,
a workout chic look?
- No.
- Oh, okay.
- Let me go take a shower,
straighten my hair.
- Wait. Hold on.
Ciara?
- Yeah.
- Nothin'.
I just wanted to
take a look at you.
- That was cute, Austen.
That was so cute.
- All right, everybody.
Thank you.
- Bye, you guys.
- Bye-bye.
- That's a lot.
- Well, I'll lay with you
and do a face mask.
- Around the corner.
Wow.
Let's get this
party started!
- Hubs?
- Is that Hubhouse?
- Hubs!
- Ahh!
- Should we say hi or wait?
- Yeah.
- I love you.
- I love you, too.
- Oh, my gosh.
- I am so happy
that we're together.
- Just what our winter house
needs, a hurricane.
- Hi.
- Hi, hubby.
- I'm Julia. Nice to meet you.
- Hi. Nice to meet you.
Lindsay. I'm a hugger.
- Oh.
- I'm here, bitches!
Hi.
Why am I such a psycho?
- Finally here.
- We're taking a shot
because we're in vacation mode.
- Oh, Jesus.
- I'm just-- I'm so excited
to be on vacation with Austen.
It's been over a year
since I've seen him,
and here we are single
for the first time,
at the same time,
in a very long time,
and I'm just happy to, like,
be with him.
- Hi.
- Lindsay.
- Andrea.
Yeah, I won't
get it on you.
- Listen, we all know
single Lindsay loves Fireball.
- All right.
What's your cheers?
- Let's sh-- up!
- Yeah!
- I took a sip.
I was like absolutely not.
- I can't, right now.
- Oh, my boys, my boys.
- Let's get some of
this Vermont air, babe.
- This is the longest time
that we have gone
since we've met
without seeing each other.
- I've been waiting for
your ass to get here.
- Well, I'm excited to be here
with you.
So, tell me
what's going on.
Fill me in.
- Well, okay.
Okay, okay, okay.
So, there's, like--
like, let's just
jump into it.
- Yeah, just tell me everything.
- Uh, okay.
Andy made out with Paige.
- Okay.
- I made out with Ciara.
- So, are you gonna
make out with her again?
Are you interested?
- I totally wanna
make out with her.
- Coming up...
- Dude, you came in hot.
- I-- I--
- Oh!
- Ow.
- This is my new roomie.
- I made out with Ciara.
- So, are you gonna make out
with her again?
Are you interested?
- I totally wanna
make out with her.
- Oh.
Is that the only girl
you made out with?
- Lins, like,
I'm here to have fun.
- Just have fun. Yeah.
- There's, like,
no agenda whatsoever.
- No.
- Like, if it's all just,
like, a big lovefest,
then, like,
then let it be.
You know, family love.
Then, like, you know,
let it be, you know?
- Oh, okay.
I-I didn't know if you
were talking about an orgy or--
- No, right.
No, no, no.
- Well, got a nice little view.
- Isn't that sick?
- Yeah.
- What?
- I'm getting cold.
- You're cold?
My balls are this big.
- And blue.
- Yeah, they are.
You're right.
Yeah, they are.
- How are you and Austen?
Have you talked today?
Is it awkward?
- Um, honestly, no,
it's not awkward.
- I'm ready to
see my room.
- I need to be downloaded.
- So, we, like,
make out and then...
- So, now you guys are
getting married in Italy.
- Well, of course.
- Of course.
I can't wait to live
vicariously through you guys.
Hold on. Ring off.
Now, I'm single.
I just wanna, like,
have fun with my girls.
- All right, I'm gonna go
put some clothes on.
- I'm gonna also change.
- Yeah, come with me.
Me, too.
I'm excited that
you're going.
- As I take my top off.
- My kind of ----ing girl.
Vacation starts now.
What did I miss?
- Well, I've been
apparently missing a lot
every time
I go to sleep.
- Why do you
go to sleep so early?
Do you have a boyfriend?
- Yeah, I have a boyfriend.
- Oh, you do.
- When Paige invited me
on this trip,
my boyfriend and I
were in a very rocky place.
We got back together,
but girls in relationships
can still have fun.
I'm here to get ----ed up,
hold your hair back,
and be your hype girl.
Imagine he wasn't real,
and I just made this all up.
I feel like we're already
best friends,
and you should
just know everything,
and I've heard so much about you
through Austen.
- Well...
- You guys seem like
you have that, like--
- Bond.
- I mean, you guys were,
like, hugging it out.
- Like, no one really knows,
like, the history between us.
- I need to be caught up
because I have no idea.
- So, basically, like,
three years ago,
we meet in the Hamptons,
make out.
Then, like, two years ago,
he comes to New York
New Year's Eve.
We basically hung out
for four days straight.
We both kind of, like,
talked each other
through our relationships and,
like, call each other crying
and, like, call each other
when we're drunk.
- So, you, like, have
an emotional relationship.
- Oh, my God, and then,
on New Year's Eve this year,
we probably Facetimed
15 different times.
I was like,
"What are your goals?"
I was shocked.
He goes, "Lindsay,
I'm gonna date you this year."
What?
- He's set the tone
for the rest of you guys
in this house.
- He's like-- he's--
- You're gonna be in this house
for a while.
- Should we go check
on our girls
and just tell them that
they look so pretty?
- I just need to have
a ----ing conversation with him.
- Yeah, for sure.
- And be like,
what's goin' on?
♪ What's my favorite word
always ♪
- All right.
I'm gonna throw a hoodie on
and my jacket,
and I am ready.
- Should I put a hat on,
or am I okay with this?
- Yeah.
Yeah, for your ears?
Yeah, you're fine.
- I'm okay then.
♪ I'm gonna get mine always
- Hello.
- Yeah.
- You ready to go, though?
- I just wanna
make out so bad.
- Well, be cuter about it.
- Oh!
Oh, my God,
this is so crazy.
- Oh, my gosh, no.
Come out of my closet.
No.
- Damn it.
I thought that
was gonna work.
- Ladies first
and then the boys.
- Tubing is gonna be
----ing awesome.
♪ Yeah you know
life is what you make it ♪
♪ I'll make mine
Yay! We're here.
- Yay! We're here.
- And, Ciara,
thank you for driving us.
- All right.
- This is wild.
- This is gonna be awesome.
- Oh, my God!
- I'm so psyched.
- They're basically sleds
with tubes on 'em.
- We're gonna ----in' fly.
- Oh, she's cheating!
- Oh, you!
- Oh, boy,
I'm goin' ass backwards.
- And they're off!
- Oh, my God!
- I was raised in
Rochester, New York,
so I'm a night tubing
aficionado.
Whoo-hoo!
Growing up,
we would just build ramps,
and hills, and jumps.
Ahh!
So, I think we're gonna
have to turn it up a notch
and make it a little
more competitive.
Oh, sh--.
- You mean
you wanna lose to me.
If I win, you have to
make me homemade pizza.
- Okay.
- I won.
- Oh, my God,
who do you think I am?
- No! No!
I don't like it.
Oh, sh--.
- Kyle!
- What?
- Wait for me.
- Yeah, I am.
- No, you don't
wait for me.
- I'm right here, babe.
- Austen is not even
----ing thinking about me.
- Oh, no. Oh, no.
- All right,
let's rock and roll.
- Let's go.
- We're going to the bar.
- Hittin' the bar!
- Oh, man,
let's start a tab.
- Alrighty.
Thank you.
I appreciate you.
- It's hot, right?
- Take it off.
I like the color,
though, on you.
- Thank you.
I feel that.
That's coyote.
Is this good?
- Try it.
- Do you mind if I sip it?
- Yeah, try it.
- Wow, okay.
- Okay, so,
I have a question.
- Shoot.
- Gabby, like,
are you gonna pursue it?
Like...
- There is certainly a vibe,
and it's gonna, I think,
continue for,
like, two more weeks.
- I know.
You're the entire package
and probably the greatest person
she can pick in this house.
- How do I look?
- You look great.
There you go.
- Thank you.
- You just keep talking me up.
Oh, my goodness.
- I am.
You're my--
- I love this.
You are lookin' out.
You're lookin' out.
- There is a reason
we're friends.
- Craig, your nipples
are fun sized, dude.
- They are.
- Yes, they're
like candy bars.
- It's not the best shape
I've ever been in my life.
It's been a weird time.
- No, you are beautiful.
- Just imagine
if I was in shape.
- What's up, girl?
How we doin'?
- Good. How are you?
- I'm good.
- Yeah.
Austen is givin' me the eyes.
- Can I ask you
'cause, like,
you guys have obviously kissed,
and I know
you've shared a bed or two,
but I'm wondering if
there's any underlying feelings,
or is just, like, a--
a fun friendship or what?
Should we have him
join the convo?
- Yeah. Austen!
- Hey, guys.
- I've never been able to
get it out of either one of you.
- I figured we would
do this together.
- Let's tell him.
Okay, no,
we do have history.
- See, these are the details
that I'm actually interested in.
- I'm just trying to know what--
- Let's just get it out.
- The way that
the story goes...
- Ultimately...
- We ----ed.
- The way that
the story goes...
- Ultimately...
- We ----ed.
- I'm glad we're using words
that I can actually
understand now.
- Oh, my God,
this literally happened
so ----in' long ago,
and we have kept this
to ourselves for so long.
- No one knows.
- One time during one of
the many breaks
that me and my ex
used to go on,
Lindsay and I
did sleep together.
Craig didn't even know.
I love Lindsay,
but I also have this thing
for Ciara
just because I have fun.
I don't want her
to run for the hills.
Sh--, I am so over
the love triangle.
There's no winning.
- I'm gonna let you guys
figure this one out.
- Wow.
- I've never been
turned on more.
What did you say?
- I said, "Paige, you have
such a beautiful smile,
but you should
use it more."
- Thank you for my fries.
I'm appreciative of this.
- It's okay, just enough
for a few people.
- Just us.
- Cheers.
- Now, we're here.
We have two weeks
together now.
Linds, is-is, like,
there any world that, like,
you and I can just say
everyone
and just be-be together?
- Like, do I think
about, like, you
and a potential future?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, I do.
- You have?
- Yes.
- It's the longest hug
I've ever seen.
- I miss you.
- No, I think he's
probably sweating.
That was
a really long hug.
- I knew they were close,
but since she walked
into this house,
she has literally been trying
to take all of his attention.
- I love you.
- Oh, oh, oh, oh.
- Are we ready to go?
- All right. All right,
all right, all right.
Let's go back
to the house.
♪ Let's go top notch
in the top spot ♪
♪ with a new watch
and you can just watch ♪
- It's kind of slippery.
- Dude, my lips are
chapped as
Oh, Jesus,
that's slippery.
- Oh, hello.
- Hi!
Time for a shot?
- Give me a second.
- What are you doing
in here by yourself?
- Yeah, we'll get it.
Okay, I'll be in the kitchen
if you need me.
- Okay.
- Or if you're just
looking for me,
'cause you miss me so much.
- I'll probably be
there right away.
- Dude, what the
is going on?
Are you just making
a mushroom pasta at 10:45?
- Yeah. You don't want it?
- I'm gonna cry.
- Here we are.
Just what
the doctor ordered.
- Hello?
- Are you okay?
- You gonna come
lay with me and be cute?
- Hey.
- Yeah, baby.
- Hi!
- Hi.
Um, I am going
to change and...
- Tell me about it, stud.
What the [BLEEP], Lin?
- Is she annoyed?
- Why did she
wanna tell me that?
- I think she wanted to
tell you something else,
but then I was in here.
- Probably.
- Get your girl.
Get your girl.
- What?
- Don't worry.
- Are we good?
- Yeah, we're good.
- Dude, you came in hot.
- I-I-- Oh!
- Oh!
- Ow.
- Are you okay?
- All right. Okay.
- That was--
that was a lot.
- This is my new roomie.
- Come here, Hubhouse.
- There you go.
- Hi!
- Welcome back to
Craig and the crew.
- So, I'm here live
with my great friend, Luke.
- Austen!
- Lins!
- Okay, what's up?
- He is the father.
- Ha-ha!
- Somebody help us!
- Lins, where are you?
- In my room, Austen!
- Okay.
- I didn't even taste it.
Is it okay?
- I'm sure of it. Thank you.
- Oh, I'm sure it is.
I just put some ground
pepper on there.
- I'm happy. Yep.
- I mean, like, she just
walked into his room,
saw me in there,
like, rolled her eyes,
and then leaves.
- So, they hooked up,
like, three years ago,
and then she's always
just had a thing for him.
- Oh, my God.
- I think,
in the last two years,
anyone that she's dated
she would have left
in a heartbeat
for Austen.
- Okay, guys, I did not think
that this was gonna be what
was happening when you
called Austen down here.
- I didn't either.
- I'm not really interested
in watching this.
- What is happening?
Lins, off now.
Off.
- Uh, what is goin' on?
Did you guys just
have a conversation?
- I love you.
- There is a family love,
and there is, like,
a I wanna
you love.
- Are you in love with me?
- I don't know.
- I just love you. I do.
- Well, I am more confused
than I was before.
- I didn't know that you
didn't know that Lindsay
has always had
a crush on him,
but I don't think
that should matter.
- Well, I didn't know
that it was still, like,
a current thing.
- How do you feel?
- Austen...
I'm in love with you.
I don't think
you understand.
- I-I--
- No.
No.
- Are you just saying this
'cause, like,
you're drunk right now?
- No.
I'm in love with you.
Go do your thing.
I just wanted you to know.
- Okay.
- It's up to you.
Lindsay of all people
should know
that I can't hear
someone tell me right now
that they're
in love with me.
Like, she knows the trauma,
the deception,
the unhealthiness
of my Madison bullsh--.
- He wasn't the only one
she was hooking up with.
She dates multiple
different people.
- That is a lie!
- She's horrible.
- What do you care?
- Yes. He's just mad that
his girlfriend is a slut.
- Because he's in my
friend's life, and I--
- That's his problem.
- Okay, but they're broken up.
- Well, they actually aren't.
- No. Andy, Andy--
- That would be a huge
difference, Andy.
- She's still ----ing with me
as hard as she possibly can.
- They just slept together.
- Nothing.
Nothing. I'm gonna
go to my room and process.
- Just pose for me.
No, it looks good
with the dribble.
Like this. What?
It's so good.
Perfect.
- Is that cooler or this?
- No.
- It's only three products.
- Three?
- Is that
a little or a lot?
- Uh, it's a lot,
I think.
- We're gonna live
our best life.
- We are all just
living our best life.
- Best life.
Here's some mistletoe.
- Wait, wait.
Okay. I just--
- Okay.
Muah.
- Ahh.
- Austen?
- Hmm?
- You're so cute but come on.
Let's go to your bed.
Come on.
- Okay, I will.
Okay, I gotta
go downstairs.
- I'm excited
to go to bed.
- If you guys wanna
play a drinking game...
- Yeah.
- Boom.
- Are you kidding?
- Come on, Craig.
- Oh, the secret weapon.
Call me!
- ----in' bullsh--.
- this game.
I'm outta here, man.
Sorry, no fire
in here, my dear.
- My girlfriend uses
the wax ones because I snore.
That's what we had
in exams in law school.
- I was thinkin' I might make
a Spanish omelet this morning.
Is anyone else up?
- Dude, I was thinking
about an omelet, too.
That sounds bomb.
- I'll do that.
- Some people look at a recipe
and follow it to a T.
I can look at a recipe
and be like, well,
I can make it better.
- What do you need?
Tomatoes?
- Garlic.
- Can you catch?
- Whoa.
I do love cooking for people,
especially gorgeous women.
How'd you sleep?
- I had, like,
a weird nightmare.
- You're puttin'
your heart on a plate.
It puts off
a vibe of its own.
- I try to blink
my eyes in my sleep,
and then it clicks
to a different dream.
- Oh, my goodness.
- You got pretty
----ed up.
- I know, but I feel
fine, actually,
and I'm kind of excited
to get outside.
It's, like, fresh snow.
- I might make an igloo.
- If anybody can
do it, it's you.
- What's up?
- Yo.
- You got a busy morning?
- There's a lotta things.
- Have you talked
to Lindsay?
Like, what the hell is
goin' on with that?
- She said,
"I'm in love with you."
- Yeah, which is what
I told you before.
- I know.
I hate when you're right.
You're like an idiot
----in' savant.
Like, I don't want that
to, like, frighten off...
- Ciara.
- Dude...
I ----ing, like,
kinda wanna know, like,
what Lindsay and Austen
were talking about.
I can, like, feel myself
putting up a wall
with this situation.
- Right.
- If you guys need to,
like, still figure out
your sh--, then, like,
that's what you need to do.
- Right.
- Coming up...
- Gabby-- is that something
that you're into?
- I didn't know if she was,
like, talking to Luke.
- Oh, he's shaping
it right now.
Building the foundation.
- Your man is building
you a home for you guys.
- I literally would be
barefoot in the woods
if I ever date him.
- You did a damn
good job, Jason.
- Thanks, Luke. It means
a lot coming from you.
- It's ----ing unreal, man.
- I just, like,
I can't get comfortable.
I can't get
the right temperature
because of the air.
- Amanda hates me.
Then I was, like,
too hot, too cold,
too hot, too cold.
I don't sleep well,
and this is, without a doubt,
the worst sleeping arrangement
I have been in.
- Kyle?
- In a vacation house.
- You feel asleep in
the ----ing pantry.
- Amanda is like,
"Can you stop moving in bed?"
I'm like...
yeah, but, like,
mattress sucks, dude.
- I just, like, literally
can't listen to you
talk about
the bedroom anymore.
- Yeah?
- Oh, my God.
- Coffee for my ladies.
Wow, you're really
making this a habit.
Wow.
- Oh, my God.
- I put, uh,
the vanilla one
because I remember you guys
like the vanilla.
- You're the best.
- By the way, you guys
wake up perfect.
I'm shocked.
- Oh, my God.
- Oh, my God, thank you.
- See you later.
- My dad brings my mom coffee
every single morning.
So, I'm, like, are you
in love with me?
Just say it.
- Good morning, precious.
- Did you get sleep?
- I got some really
good sleep, actually.
- You look bright-eyed
and bushy-tailed.
- Do I?
- You do.
- I feel good, seriously.
- Hi.
- Come and sit.
- Did you run up here?
- Did Kyle sleep
from that--
- My ----ing child
is like mah, mah, mah.
- Good morning.
- Oh, everyone.
- Wait, how do you have
a full face already?
- I woke up early.
I was cold.
It's, like, freezing
in our basement.
I take it you guys are not
going fat tire riding?
- I actually don't
even know if I remember
how to ride a bike.
- Who all is going?
- I feel like it's
all the boys minus Andrea.
- Yeah, he wants to hang out
with the girls.
- I think Luke
is not going
because he wants
to build an igloo.
- Wait, how is he
gonna build an igloo?
Like...
- He's Luke.
- It's actually gonna
be sick when it's done.
- All right.
I have to go get ready.
- Okay.
- It's just weird.
Like, we wake up.
Everything is normal.
And she's like oh.
Like, were-were you
there last night?
You ever heard
of a girl code?
I mean, me and Austen
were on a roll.
Lindsay is
----ing up my sh--.
I thought we had
the cute vacation romance,
but now I don't know
what's going on.
I'm just, like, bitch,
perfect ----ing timing.
- You should
have a beer-tini.
- Right now?
- Yeah.
- We have olives?
- Tell me the purpose.
- It's a Midwest thing.
Why the we do it,
I don't know,
and then you get
a snack
at the bottom.
- Love that.
Get a snack at the bottom.
- No.
- You have to.
- I have to.
Should we take
some shots?
- Absolutely.
- Wow.
Oh, we're in the first one.
- Come on, peeps.
- Adios!
- Are we out?
- We're goin' out.
We're gettin' somethin' done.
We're doin'
somethin' active.
- Bye.
I'm happy to stay home
right now for two reasons.
One, I don't
wanna go biking.
Two, I don't wanna listen
to Kyle complain anymore.
If he wants to
fat tire bike to Canada,
I don't even care.
- Looks like Luke is
building us an igloo.
- This is gonna take
for ----in' ever.
- Wrap up
and get ready, y'all.
- It's so beautiful.
- Here we go!
- I'm popping
wheelies, bro.
- I will bumper car you.
- After.
- It's so pretty.
- Oh, boy!
- Ahh!
- Oh, no, I'm off
the course.
- Oh, Jules is down!
Jules is down!
- This ain't big enough
for the both of us.
Guys, I completely ate it.
- I wish we can hear him.
What do you think
he's saying?
- What the [BLEEP]?
-
- [BLEEP]!
- ----in' A.
- Mother----er.
- Oh, he's shaping it
right now,
building the foundation.
- Your man is building you
a home for you guys.
- I would totally
go to the Arctics
with Luke and live
in an igloo.
All I know, is I would
never go hungry,
and I would just have
to learn how to sew
to make him clothes.
I literally would be
barefoot in the woods
if I ever date him.
- Can you take a photo
of me on the bridge, Kyle?
- I'll take a photo
of you on the bridge.
Look how picturesque
this is.
We'll make Amanda jealous.
- Aww, don't make
Amanda jealous.
- All right, we're doin'
a family snow angel.
Come on.
- Three, two, one.
- I'm gonna land
on that tree stump.
- it.
- Ahh!
- I am hurt.
- Oh, yes.
- You gotta eat some snow.
- Looks like I'm, like,
walking with a helmet on.
- That's what I
should be doing.
- All right, stay there.
- They should have--
they should have come.
- Gabby-- is that something
that you're into?
- I feel like I know
Gabby so well.
Make it a point to, like,
put in some alone time
with her.
- I'm definitely gonna
have to pull her aside.
- Yeah, yeah.
When we get back to the house,
that's what you should do.
- Really, 'cause you
are doing so well
with the friend zone.
- I didn't know if she was,
like, talking to Luke.
- Oh, it's going.
- Yeah,
it takes
a lot of ----in' work.
- Well, I am
so impressed with you.
- I should have
made a fire.
- That's really cute.
- I don't know
if Gabby is into me.
I'm oblivious to a lot.
I'm-- like, a girl could
probably be naked,
throwing herself
in front of me,
and I still wouldn't know
that she's coming on to me.
- So, right now, you're
just creating a dome.
- Yeah.
- Wow.
- Coming up...
- Lins, I love you...
like a sister.
- We're getting
a ski lesson.
- Should we come down?
- Yeah.
- Where are we
going skiing?
- I know.
- Wait. What?
- Oh, you're teaching me
how to get up.
- Yeah.
- I need ski lessons,
but I feel like Andrea
doesn't know
much more than I do.
So, I'm gonna wait.
- Sorry, I don't wanna
touch your butt.
- You can touch it.
- I started skiing
when I was five years old.
[indistinct], I used
to compete, too, as well.
I have a couple of caps in
my bedroom that I'm proud of.
I haven't skied
in ten years,
but I can take care
of the ladies.
- Oh, that's actually
really hard.
- Sorry, I didn't mean
to touch your butt,
but it was a way
to help you.
- Yeah, no, it's
all professional
'cause you're
my ski instructor.
- Exactly.
- Right.
- So, we're gonna bend
your knees slightly
and put your butt down
but...
- Okay, like we're sitting.
- Yeah, like
you're sitting.
- So, if you wanna turn,
you just move your knees?
- No, you move...
- Bux-- buxom?
- I didn't say--
- Your butt?
- Gluteus maximus.
- Your butt.
We say bachino.
- Bachino.
- Oh, it's so much cuter
in Italian.
- It's cuter.
- So, you move your bachino.
- Hold my skis,
and I wanna turn.
Look how good I am.
- Oh.
- She knows how
to move her hips.
- Would you like a drink?
- Yeah, I would.
- How are you vibing with,
like, the girls in the house?
- I feel like I've-I've
been getting on with
everybody really well.
- Yeah.
- I totally am
tapped out like this.
- No, no, no.
- Like, is she your type?
- Gabby?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, she's very pretty,
but I just don't see it
more than that.
- Would you and Lindsay
ever hook up?
- I-- no, Lindsay
is like my sister.
Like, I can't.
What the
- Not like your sister.
- Well, when you cross
that-that bridge of
penis in vagina, it gets
a little bit more difficult
and--
- I think it's a tunnel.
- Yeah.
- It's not a bridge.
- I think they got
a spot around back.
- Oh, we'll stop right here.
- Oh, yes.
- This is, like, Luke's
wet dream, right here.
- Okay.
- Hi.
Welcome in, everybody.
- Hey, how's it goin'?
- How are you all today?
How was the ride?
- It was good.
- Do you wanna
start us off?
- I'm gonna do
a roadie salad.
- May I please have
the ranch camp cob?
- Sure.
- And then can we also
have the sticky balls?
- Right here.
- Extra sticky
on the balls.
- You got it.
- Oh, did you get a little--
did you tie it up?
- He's giving himself
a hairstyle.
- You know, I'm about to eat.
I don't want my hair in my food.
- Are we indulging?
- Yes.
Yes.
- Wow, this is
some good food.
- Mmm.
- Are you gonna
talk to Lindsay?
- Yeah.
Hey, how are you?
- I'm-I'm fine.
- Are you?
- So...
- I'm not.
- Why are you not fine?
- Because you dropped
a bomb on me.
You straight up told me
that you were in love with me,
and I was like,
"I-I love you, too."
And you were
like, "No, no, no.
I don't-I don't
just love you.
I-I'm in love with you."
And I didn't know that.
Lins, I love you...
like a sister.
It just works so much better,
you know, this way.
I don't want this
to be ----ed up
because we are too close.
- Next time,
on "Winter House"...
- Start your engines!
- Whoo!
- Julia doesn't even want
Luke because she has a man.
- Yeah.
- I was thinking we could do
a little double date.
- Her focus is on
career is, like,
the hottest possible thing
you can ever say.
- That's hot.
- Whew.
- On a scale from one to ten,
how is the first date?
- Like, an 11.
- A 12.
- Doesn't this hurt
your neck?
- It's better than the bar.
You're softer.
- My two best friends
are on a double date,
and what are you
asking me to do?
Bench press me.
- I just got two texts
from two girls that I like.
- Wait, you're talking to
two girls at the same time?
- I've only known him to be
sleeping around with girls.